Add blog post about improved filters for notifications (#462)
openSUSE/obs-landing: _posts/development/2024-06-12-notifications-improved-filtering.md

---
layout: post
title: Improved Filtering For Your Notifications
category: development
---

> Notifications are back, and they come with the strength of a pretty and revamped filtering page.

Reviewer: > Notifications are back

Where have they been? :)

Author: I see. I changed the sentence.

> Let's get into the details, and keep reading.

Reviewer: Might be some cultural thing but if some blog post tells me to keep reading I find that pretty arrogant...

> Let's get into the details, and keep reading.

Reviewer: Might be some cultural thing but if some blog post tells me to keep reading I find that pretty arrogant...

Author: I changed that sentence too. Please take a look again.

# Improved Filters

If you want to stay on top of your work in your OBS instance, you most likely deal with lots of notifications.
We have made it easier for you to focus on what you need by enhancing the filtering of your notifications page.
Basically, you can now:

> - click and expect new results, meaning that your clicks wil be reduced

Reviewer 2: @suggestion
```
- click and expect new results, meaning that your clicks will be reduced
```

But I'd suggest something like `get results as soon as you click on any filter` @danidoni what do you think?

Author: I like it. Changed.

---
layout: post
title: Improved Filtering For Your Notifications
category: development
---

Notifications have always been part of your workflow.

> Now, we are glad to present a set of changes, including a pretty and revamped filtering page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now, we are glad to present a set of changes, including a revamped filtering section.
```

Sorry, I didn't realize before. We don't have a "filtering page", that's why I suggest "filtering section".
And if it's "pretty" or not depends on users taste. It's something we shouldn't say.

Author: Applied. Thanks.

> Let's get into the details and enjoy the reading!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Let's get into the details!
```
What about that?

Author: I like it too. :+1:

> We have prepared more improvements on how you get notified by OBS.

Reviewer 3: I would use one of those lines, but not both.

Author: Yes, done.

# Improved Filters

> If you want to be informed about what happens in your OBS instance, you most likely deal with lots of notifications.

Reviewer 3: I think this is not about what happens in the instance. Most users don't care about the instance, but the projects, packages and such things they work on. The notifications are for the user to stay on top of their work.

Author: I rephrased the sentence. Please take a look.

Reviewer 3: Better!

We have made it easier for you to focus on what you need by enhancing the filtering of your notifications page.

> Among the improvements on performance, you can now:

Author: Applied. Thanks!

> - perform a "click and submit" on any option

Reviewer 3: I would rephrase this as something in the line of "less clicking" the details are not important

Author: I also reprhrase this one.

Reviewer 3: Perfect

- benefit from a more grouped view of projects and groups filters
- filter your projects and groups with a text box

Just take a look at this example:

> ![](/images/posts/2024-06-12/notifications-filters.gif)

Author: True. I'll create another Gif including that part.

> ![](/images/posts/2024-06-12/notifications-filters.gif)

Author: Done. Please take a look again.
